regular old woodchairs and then you would, they would go do their thing and then you would leave.
And a lot of the guys, you know, like if you had the money I guess you could do it, you wouldn't.
And there was another place too.
Where?
Where is it?
Brenham?
Is that right?
I think so.
Now there was nothing like that anywhere close to Brian, was there?
No.
I've never heard of him.
No, there wasn't anything like that.
And, because the Air Force Base had closed down.
Right.
They weren't even using it.
Maybe the Engineering Extension Service, somebody.
Where were the places to drink beer?
Oh, there was some over there by New Main, you know, the administration, there was a couple of bars there.
We would go to Bryan, you know, mainly when you had to be, they watched you pretty close, you know.
So you had to really kind of be 21.
I remember when we were seniors coming back for our senior year that there was the Texan, that's a restaurant, that was a hangout for us.
We used to go there, eat pizza, have a couple of beers, just drive-in at that time.
And there was another place that was kind of a drive-in type place that we would go to.
Was Uncle Ed's operating on Welburn Road then?
Hard Liquor's?
No.
Not that I don't think so, I don't remember that.
It had earlier.
What did, what were people smoking then?
Pall Mall, Camels, Lucky Strikes, Chesterfield.
Did an undergraduate smoke cigars?
No.
Undergraduates couldn't even smoke.
If you were a freshman it wasn't a privilege to smoke.
If you were a sophomore, it was a privilege to smoke only in the dorm, or you couldn't smoke anyplace else.
And was, did students smoke pipes?
Yes, some did.
Mainly when they got up to the junior, senior level, they, you know.
Did they chew tobacco or smell?
Not much, not much.
What did y'all know about marijuana or heroin?
Nothing.
Did you ever even know?
No, nothing.
I mean it was just not in existence.
That's right.
I think the worst thing that ever happened, well it's not going to be the worst, but one of the things that happened to us was when I was a senior the commandant came out with a memo telling us that we were using, foul language had to be cut down and so we had to make sure that everybody started
contain themselves.
And we were in the hallways and they were reading the memo and I remember one of the seniors saying, he was going to say, oh, you know, and he says, oh, doo-doo.
So yeah, that's, no.
We're getting fairly near the end now.
Silver Taps talk about, did you go to muster?
Yes, it was required.
Where was it held?
It was held, actually, they held it at different places.
We had it at Jolly Raleigh, and then we also had it out in the drill field in front of the student center.
So it was between those two places mostly.
Did that touch your... Mustard?
Oh, definitely.
Yeah, because it was, you know, another experience that, you know, I've gone to...
I mean those type of things at A&M are like, I guess they are a big tradition.
And it just passes on down.
It's just like you as a former student try to pass on these things to your brothers, sisters, nephews, kids, you know.
It's just some of those things that affected you that made you an Aggie.
You were going to be an Aggie.
I mean this is it.
What are the other parts of that same kind of contribution?
Are there some other events that pull people together?
As far as, because of being an Aggie, I'd say, you know, the idea of the ring is a big thing when you're a senior.
How much did yours cost?
Oh, I think I paid $35 for it.
Where'd you get the money?
My mother and father, you know.
I think this ring was maybe $130, $70, $80 maybe, and the Formancy Association paid for half of it.
How did you feel when you put it on?
Oh, God.
That was just like putting on senior boots, you know, when you find a review when you're a senior and you put those boots on.
I guess the biggest satisfaction you have is when you become a junior and you get to wear that serge uniform, which was a lot different back then because it was custom made.
And I didn't buy them, you know, I bought them from somebody else.
And I bought my boots from somebody else because my mother was really upset about it because she wanted me to buy the Hollicks boots.
And I did have a pair of Hollicks boots, but I bought them from a senior that was graduating.
And I paid him $35 for the boots.
At that time I think the boots ran about $150.
Did you keep the boots?
Yeah, I still have them in my den.
I have my campaign hat and my boots in my den.
Have you ever lost your ring?
No.
Do you have any ring stories of where somebody, you're somewhere and somebody notices it?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Sure.
Everywhere.
I mean, uh, uh, Florida, uh, then in a restaurant and, uh, this gentleman was in there and I noticed he had an A&M ring and, and, uh,
And it was just like we, right away, you know.
Airports, one of the greatest places to meet Aggies.
Airports is one of the greatest places to meet Aggies.
And I remember I've met a lot of Aggies in airports, airplanes, social functions away from San Antonio and California, Colorado, God, name it, you know, Canada.
Your final review, your senior year, who came to see you at final review and commencement?
Well, final review was the same day as commencement.
And my parents came, my brother, his wife, my sister, her husband.
That's about all that I can recall that came to graduation.
And for them, it was a sacrifice to make these trips.
They would only come up here to A&M.
It's not like parents coming up here every weekend.
They would only make the trip like, I think they came to two Texas games here.
And they would always make, we used to call it Mother's Day.
And that's the only two trips they made.
And that was it.
That was it.
And then when I graduated, of course.
And the name was called, Hand Was Shaken.
How did you feel when you had that diploma?
Well, I was glad to get the hell out of here.
But then I was sad, you know.
I mean, it was like when we had Final Review and you're standing there and you're singing Auld Lang Syne, you know, it's like, God, you know, this is, they didn't do it quite the same as they do it today.
You would go back and give the time to the underclassmen to change the new uniform.
And then the seniors that sold their boots, of course, they'd have to go back.
Because there was a lot of boot selling.
There wasn't, like, people going over to Hollicks and ordering boots all the time.
And so they'd take their boots off, come back in just regular uniform.
And so they'd gather around you on the drill field, and every outfit would sing Au Lang Syne, and you wish you well.
And then you'd get up and line up and march forward, and then they'd go by, and that was it.
It was sad, you know, you cried, couldn't help it, you know.
Leaving the dorm when I went back to, because I mean it all happened so fast.
It was like in one day, I mean you were like stripped, you know, you were a senior, you've been here four years, you go to commencement, you get your degree, you're excited about that, you come back with it in your hand and you want to show it to everybody, you know, and you go through those, dorms used to have these
these lounge areas, and I remember coming through there with it, and there were some parents there with some kids, and they stopped me, and they wanted to see it, and they told me, of course, the little freshman at that time, look, this is where you can be a few years from now.
So, I mean, it was exciting, and then when you went to the drill field and all that, then it was sad, and then when you went back to the dorm and you started loading up your car,
then it got sadder, you know, because you're leaving behind a lot of buddies where they're underclassmen, and yeah, yeah, it was sad, very sad.
How well prepared did you think A&M had made you for your future at that point?
I felt very confident.
I felt that I, you know, that I would find or do or whatever I, you know, I wasn't afraid to go out and look for a job.
I felt confident that
I had been prepared well enough to do whatever I wound up doing.
Actually, I wound up working for the State Comptroller.
It was my first job, and I was a state auditor for three and a half years.
Because I had taken enough accounting hours, so they gave me this test.
I passed it, and I said, well, okay.
So they called me in for another interview, and they told me, well, we really want to send you to Dallas.
And I said, I really didn't want to go to Dallas.
They said, well, we need, can you speak Spanish?
They asked me.
I said, yes, sir, I can.
He says, good.
Then we'll send you to San Antonio.
Of course, that's where I lived.
Because the sales tax had just been put into effect.
The law had just gone into effect.
Maybe it was a couple of years in already, and they needed sales tax auditors.
So that was easy tax to audit.
But then they trained you in the other areas.
But that was my first job.
I think they prepared me very well.
All right, as you look back now on these 40 years since then, what did you learn at A&M that's been important to you?
I think what I learned at A&M was actually carried from my family on to what it developed.
In other words, developing your mind or your intellect.
I think my parents did a good job of doing that.
family, honor, integrity, those things were like a code here, you know.
I mean, it's part of what life's about.
And I think my parents did a good job of all that, and I just developed those.
Develop your body, you know, health, those type of things.
I mean, those are things that
Your parents always looked out for you, but when they sent you here, you developed it to a higher level so that when you, when I left here, whatever I learned and whatever I attained, my daughter and she can see what's, she wanted to attain the same thing.
I mean, it's just going to continue.
It's like you said, first generation and your kids behind you are going to follow.
My wife has a college degree.
She's a teacher.
And so, I mean, it's just like we set pace for our kids, you know, for a better life.
Did A&M prepare you well to work with a wide variety of people?
Well, I think it's one of the best things they did.
I think because I was in sales and marketing for a long time, and I went from a sales rep with a national company all the way to a division manager.
And I think I had the abilities that A&M taught me to be able to handle people, to deal with people, and I guess keep my cool even if I was in situations, handle pressure situations.
And I think those were all part of what I learned in being in the Corps and then being here at A&M.
I think that's what it did.
All right, now we're looking to the future.
If you were the consultant,
to Texas A&M's decision makers about the future of this institution, what advice would you give them?
What should A&M do or not do?
I'm a big believer of the Corps Cadets.
I feel that in a way we've let that kind of get out.
I think that the administration should have more involvement with
with certain activities that students have on the campus.
I'll give you an example.
Bonfire, I think we should have been watching these kids a little closer.
It's understandable that it's a student activity, but still they have to have supervision.
These young people are 18, 19, 20 years old, and they do have a tendency to have a wild hair, you know, so they'll do things that are not right.
I'm amazed at some of the things that they've done with like bonfire, the bonfire like these little rituals that they've had that they've developed over the years.
And I think it's been a combination of the Corps of Cadets and also I think it's been a combination of fraternities and sororities and stuff that they pulled.
So they kind of combined them and they've done some things that wouldn't have been allowable during bonfire when I was here.
I think that was one thing.
I think I would tell them if they're going to go build another bonfire, they need to make regiment and make sure that there's a lot of supervision on the situation.
As far as the corps cadets is concerned, I think that
We need to kind of look at the core as if we do not want this university, we want to keep the university in the same way as far as the traditions and that type of situation.
They need to keep, they need to try to build up the core to where, say it could be, talk about 3,000.
If they could get it to that point, I think that would be good.
I think they need to supervise the Corps a lot closer and not let them not have the, I know that the Bulls when we were here used to, you never knew when they were going to come into the dormitory area.
And I hear that they don't do that anymore.
And so you don't tell them what a young man will do between 10.30 and 6 o'clock the next morning, you know.
So that would be part of my advice to them.
I feel that, I mean,
I know what we're trying to attain as a first, and we are a flagship university, but I think we're missing students that could make it through this school.
How large should the enrollment become?
Well, being working in government relations, I think that the enrollment can't get any bigger.
We probably are pretty well capped at where we're at.
How does A&M then select who should be in that enrollment?
It's a very difficult decision for them to make, and I feel badly for them because I know that they have to deal with that
during this time of the year and parents that are upset with the fact that their son didn't get into school or their daughter didn't get into school.
I mean, it's a very difficult situation.
If the legislature would leave us alone to a point, I mean, legacy could play a little better role than what it has in the past.
that we have to remember that you talked about Bumbright's nephew, or was it grandson, right?
Grandson.
And we should have a little flexibility in those areas.
I'll give you another example.
Senator Wentworth's son couldn't get in here, but he finally got in.
He was on the waiting list.
Those type of decisions I think the president should be able to make, and he should be able to say, OK, I'm going to cut that one off.
I'm going to bring him in, you know, that type of deal.
And I think that they should have a little more flexibility in that area.
The guy, the young man, he had the grades.
He had the SAT score.
He went to Alamo Heights High School.
The credentials are there.
And just because maybe he didn't have a community service hour that another person had or the activity that another person had,
We should kind of, I know that they grade to I guess to 100 and so many things give you so many points.
So it's a tough situation.
If you look, as you look back, to what people relating to A&M do you feel most grateful that helped you?
Well I was here.
I'd say I had a lot of good professors, and they were all very, I mean, they were there to do their job, and they did their job, but I think professors, upperclassmen, I have to say that upperclassmen helped me out a lot.
I think the people in the
in the military, like the TAC officers and the PMS&Ts, the Commandant, I think they all played a role because they were role models for us.
And that part of it, while I was here in school, outside, former students.
Former students, of course, going out, meeting, say, being associated with A&M organizations and
And networking with, you know, the thing that I felt that the association here should have done a long time ago, talking about the network, should have been doing that 20 years ago.
And for some reason or other, we kind of are in our own world as A&M people, and we feel that everybody should know about us, but we don't go out and market it.
So the end result is that you get outside of Texas, a lot of people won't know about A&M.
I mean, it's not like a Notre Dame that they know about a Notre Dame, and even though they may not know all the traditions about it, they have an idea, you know, and A&M they don't.
Next and last question.
Okay.
If you could make a major gift to A&M, if you had the fiscal capability, for what purpose would you make that gift?
It would be in different areas.
What would they?
helping diversifying the campus.
That would be one of my gifts, is trying to see if we could promote and get more minority students into the school.
We need to raise that number, and it's only for the benefit of the university, too, because eventually, I mean, the numbers are changing real fast.
The other would be to the Corps of Cadets.
It would be the organization making sure that we keep it alive.
That would be my second gift.
And my third gift would be to one of the schools.
I mean, I'm thinking like maybe the business school or that type of situation.
That's where I think I would do it.
Last question, what feelings do you carry in your heart for Texas A&M?
Oh, there's no better school.
I mean, there's no greater university for me.
I mean, it's, I'm called, I mean, I've never, I've always talked
about A&M and what it's about, even with the company that I work with, everybody knew I was an Aggie and everybody said, man, this guy's a fanatic Aggie, you know, and a lot of young people that, younger than me, that, you know, have gone on to get married and I've served as the best man in a couple of their weddings.
One of them gave me a real nice gift that I'll always keep, besides the one my roommate gave me, but
The one that this young man gave me was that he gave me this clock, and it says, an Aggie's Aggie.
And, well, you know, those kind of things are, I mean, there's no better university.
I mean, I love it, regardless of what happens.